docs: clarify what "modeled after Go 1.17" means in go-gno-compatibility.md (#5919)
gnolang/gno: docs/resources/go-gno-compatibility.md

# Go - Gno compatibility

Gno is modeled after Go 1.17. Concretely, this means:

- **Language spec, not toolchain.** Gno implements the Go *language* as it stood

>   at Go 1.17; the Gno tooling itself is built with a modern Go toolchain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gno targets the Go 1.17 language specification. Concretely, this means:

- **Language spec, not toolchain.** Gno implements the Go 1.17 language specification, while the Gno tooling itself is built with a modern Go toolchain.
```

- **The cut-off is Go 1.18.** Language features introduced from Go 1.18 onward
  are not part of Gno's current language target: generics (type parameters),
  interface type-set unions and `~T` terms, and later built-ins such as `min`,

>   `max`, and `clear`. They are rejected deliberately, not missing by accident;

Reviewer: I still hope internal min, max get added someday

Author: Same hope here — that is why the bullet says "a separate design decision" rather than "excluded": the door is deliberately left open. Adding `min`/`max` would just need its own proposal/PR, rather than this compat doc promising it ahead of time.
